`restic check` and `restic repair packs`: treat missing packfiles the same as damaged and truncated packfiles (#21845)
restic/restic: doc/077_troubleshooting.rst

somewhere. Please include the check output and additional information that might
help locate the problem.

> When ``restic check`` detects damaged packfiles, it will show instructions on how to repair

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ``restic check`` detects damaged or missing pack files, it will show instructions on how to repair
```

> them using the ``repair packs`` command. Use that command instead of the "Repair the

Reviewer: All section titles in here us the "ing" form.

index" section in this guide.

> ``restic check`` treats lost=deleted packfiles identical to damaged packfiles. A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``restic check`` treats missing packfiles identical to damaged packfiles. A
```

> ``restic check`` treats lost=deleted packfiles identical to damaged packfiles. A

Reviewer: I'm not sure that this is the best place to explain the different errors that check can return in detail. A reference feels out of place for a troubleshooting guide.

packfile is considered damaged when one of the following conditions are met:

> - the packfile does not exist, but has entries in the master index

Reviewer: Why would that be a damaged packfile and not a missing one?

- the packfile has an incorrect length: the recorded size (in the packfile header) and actual size differ.

When these damages occur, ``restic check`` will recommend a ``restic repair packs`` command.

> If ``check --read-data`` has been specified, ``Packdata`` errors can occur.

Reviewer: What are `Packdata` errors? How would I recognize one as user?

``Packdata`` errors are defined as:

- partial download errors or total download errors
- sha256sum mismatches

When one of these errors occur, ``restic check`` will also recommend a
``restic repair packs`` command.

> When duplicate blobs are found in the index, the recommendation will be to use  ``restic repair index``

Reviewer: That's too unprecise to be correct. What you are referring to is cases where a pack file is listed in multiple indexes.

Reviewer: This case is not relevant for this troubleshooting guide.

> When mixed packs are detected (in very old repositories), the recommendation will be to

Reviewer: What are "mixed packs"?

use ``restic prune``. Modern repositories will separate tree blobs from data blobs and
keep these blobs in separate packfiles.

> If someone is interested to check only specific snapshots, one can

Reviewer: The docs actively refer to a user as `you`.
